1. workday standard reports : task
   standard report , XpressO report & Custom

2. create custom report : task
3. business object details : task
   Hire employee , comensation , dependents ,benefits, employee visa etc..

4. All custom reports : Task
5. Transfer ownership of custom report : Task
6. segment based security : task
7. Maintain Dashboard : Task
8. Create custom dashboard : Task
9. create custom image: Task

1. what is the diff between simple and advanced report ?
A. 1. Prompts ,output,share & advanced will be available for only advanced. 
   2. And in simple u cannot add the fields from RBO (Dependents)
   3. Simple cannot be shared with users.
   4. Sub filter is not available in simple.
 
2. how will u identify the alias or prefix in workday ?
A. type ? in search box

3. I have created a Custom report i want to change the primary business object and data source ? is it possible ?
A. we can change the data source only to related to the already used primary business object. 
   But we cannot change Primary business object.

4. how many field types we have in workday ? and list them ?
A. we have 10. 1. Text, 2. date , 3. datetime , 4. datetimezone, 5. time, 6. numeric, 7. currency , 8.boolean , 9. single instance , 10. Multi instance

5. what is related business object ?
A. it will have the data relevent to primary BO but in one to many way.

6. what is report tag ?
A. we can add custom reports to the relevent category or we can create one custom report tag and add the cust reports to it
   so we can maintain all the cust reports in one report tag. (it is to identify the report categorys)

7. What is the diff between Filter and Sub filter ? after applying subfilter what is required to do at main fiter condition?
A. only we can add fields from Business object in filter and related business object fields into Sub filter.
   After applying the subfilter we must add related business object in filetr with is not empty condition to avoid null values.

8. Diff between Prompt the user for value / Prompt the user for value and ignore if the value is blank.
A. It will Pass null value if we don't    / It will ignore prompt and fetch all the data if prompt is empty.
   specify anything in Prompt.  

9. Where you are enabling prompt in report ?
A. eneble in prompts tab and call it in filter tab.

10. Share with all authorized users / Share with all authorized groups and users ?
A.  sensitive data can be given access with option Share with all authorized groups and users.

11. Where will you enable save parameters ? what is the use of it ?
A. in Advanced tab we can see enable save parameters option. It will be used to save the time during report execution.

12. How many worklets we can add to a custom Dashboards ?
A. 6 (means we can call max 6 reports in a dashboard)

13. I am unable to call custom report in custom dashboard ? what might be the reason ?
A. we need to check enable as worklet in our custom report then we can add in dashboard worklet tabs.

14. Stpes to create custom dashboard and enable user options and add custom report to dashboard ?
A. 1. create a custom dashboard by using task "Create custom dashboard".
   2. enable user options to dashboard by clicking on edit dashboard.
   3. check enable as worklet in our custom report and mention type of worklet like donut then we can add in dashboard worklet tabs.
   4. Call the custom report into dashboard.